For all functions, notify the user for the specific errors.
For all functions, notify the user for what is happening for each of the steps, 
showing which of the if else cases was chosen.

Ask the user for file_path to read a csv file.
Remove any quotation marks or any other characters that will cause an error while defining a path and file name.
If the csv file is not in csv format, then convert the file into csv encoding utf-8.
Then ask the user for the x_name for the x_axis. 
Then ask the user for multiple y_name for the y_axis, separated by comma.

Then read the csv file.
Detect if there are any characters that cannot be decoded by utf-8,
then notify the user of the location and delete the characters.
The first row of the csv file contains the names of parameters.
The second row contains the units of said parameters.
Then from the third row, data is stored till the final row.

Then create a new csv file in the same directory,
naming it by adding a prefix, "[processed]".
Delete all columns that are not addressed by the user, 
this can be checked by seeing if the name of the column in the x_name or y_names.

Then add a blank row after the row that contains units, this will be for storing sampling rate of the data.
The sampling rate is calculated by counting the number of blanks between the values for each of the y_axis.
If there is an even number of blanks, or number of blanks not listed above, or if there are more than 15 blanks, 
it is an error, notify the user, for which y_axis the specific sampling rate error occurred.
If there is no blank rows between values, then the parameter's sampling rate is 16.
If there is one, then it is 8.
If there are three, then it is 4.
If there are seven, then it is 2.
If there are fifteen, then it is 1.

In the new csv file, 
if the values for the y_axis columns repeat with exactly the same values more than twice,
unless it is 0, replace the values with the lowest value in that column.
Then for all the rows that do not contain a value in the y_axis columns,
unless it is the first or the last row, fill the rows with the average of values before and after.
But account for when there are consecutive blank spaces, use the next occurring value.

Then from the new csv file, create a dictionary named, "data_dict".
Store the names of the x_axis and y_axis as keys.
Then store corresponding units as value.
Then store corresponding sampling rate as the next value.
Then store corresponding data as value, making the data as a list inside the dictionary.

Draw a graph with the x_axis and y_axis, use different colors for each of the y_axis, and notate each of the graph lines to the corresponding y_name, having the name above the line, aligned to the right edge of the graph.
Make the graph so that the width is 800px, height is 400px.
The Y axis should be notched in 15 even lines.
If there are negative values
The X axis should be notched in 20 even lines.

Apply a noise filter with adjustable limiter variable to the data.
