This is the rules you are to follow:
Check for syntax errors and unmatched parenthesis
코멘트 작성할 때 한글로 개조식으로 작성해줘.
Make a comment for all functions,
first line of comment is a brief description,
the next lines should detail the input and output of the function.
If the function is more than 5 lines, then comment each of the steps

For all functions, notify the user for the specific errors.
For all functions, notify the user for what is happening for each of the steps, 
showing which of the if else cases was chosen.


Write in python code:
Ask the user for file_path to read a csv file, remove quotations in the file path.
Ask the user for the x_name for the x_axis. 
Then ask the user for multiple y_name for the y_axis, separated by comma.

Then create a new csv file in the same directory as the csv file, prefixed, "[processed]".
Delete all columns that were not addressed by the user.

In the new csv file,
The first row contains the parameter names,
then the second row contains the units.
Starting from the third row to the end are the "flt_data".

If the column is named "TIME", convert its "flt_data", which is formatted HH:MM:SS.FFF, into miliseconds.
HH means Hour, MM means Mintues, SS means Seconds, FFF means miliseconds.
Check if the "flt_data" values are float, if not, show message and convert to float.

Then if a float value in the y_axis columns repeat exactly more than twice in a row,
unless it is 0, replace all the matching values with the lowest value in that column.

Then for all the rows in the "flt_data" of the y_axis,
that do not contain a value or is blank,
unless it is the third or the last row,
fill the row with the average of previous and next occurring value.

Then from the new csv file, create a dictionary named, "data_dict".
Store the names of the x_axis and y_axis as keys(strings).
Then store corresponding units as values(strings), which is the second row in the csv file.
Then store corresponding data as a list(float) inside the dictionary as a value,
which is starting from the third row.

Draw a separate graph for each of the y_axis, with the x_axis as the x, and the y_axis as the y.
Show the graphs in the same window.
The labels for x should be converted to HH:MM.
Use different colors for each of the graph lines.
Center align on the top of the graph the name of the y_axis.
Make each graph's width 1200px, height 800px.
The Y axis should be notched in 15 even lines.
The X axis should be notched in 20 even lines.

Call the functions from main.